hey guys what's up this Monday morning I
want to say uh hello and hope
everybody's doing good out there in
YouTube land actually um what I have
here for you guys today is a quick
unboxing of the Acer model x1 93 W which
is a 19 inch wide screen monitor over
the weekend my girlfriend
purchased this because she for the most
plug works from home Iran and somebody
gave us a good offer on let me show you
right here on that right there that's
the Power Mac g4 from Apple so I ran out
because for the most part I usually stay
here over the weekends and sometimes
during the week so I really need a
computer to be able to do my projects on
and spend some time on so after I
purchased the Palmach g4 I needed a
monitor as well why something
inexpensive due to the fact that I'm
saving up to get a my iMac 24 inch but
for the most part I wanted something to
have here at the house
my girlfriend's also I went on and got
some an expensive monitor I've heard a
few good things about this model usually
I stick with Sony brand monitors or Dell
Samsung you know really I've never
really bought an Acer product but I did
a few reviews on it it's pretty good for
the for the price it has a 5 millisecond
response rate 2,000 to 1 contrast ratio
and I believe the screen resolution on
this is 1440 by 900 which ain't bad so
on let me get to this unboxing guys
we have here is uh the CD with the
manual has every part of how you
purchase conflict monitor itself
comes with the VGA and that's the power
adapter really no other inputs guys off
about it we have the power button menu I
just I don't setup button and I don't
already know what these other two
buttons are for as soon as I'll find out
I'll let you guys in on that right there
guys yessir
19 inch widescreen monitor my x19 three
government so i'll try this out see how
this looks and i will be doing another
review video alright guys hope you
enjoyed follow me on twitter martin one
six eight subscribe comment rate you
know the deal guys
alright guys have a good one peace out
you